An Embedded Alarm System
	The project is an embedded alarm system. It would be modelled using an Arduino Tool Kit and configured using the Arduino IDE. The system automatically sounds an alarm whenever it ascertains motion in its predefined parameter or comes into contact with light rays.
	The system has two separate inputs ports called Sensors, which individually ascertains either motion or luminous intensity. The first sensor is the Passive Infrared (PIR) sensor, which is responsible for motion detection. The PIR sensor operates by using infrared wavelengths to measure infrared radiations (radiant heat) from objects that emits heat in its predefined parameter. The second sensor is the Light Dependant Resistor (LDR) which is often called the Photoresistor, and this is responsible for detecting luminous intensity; the absence or presence of light. It operates based on the principle of photoconductivity. The resistance of the LDR decreases as luminous intensity increases. 
	The system also has two separate output ports called Actuators, which individually emits either beep tones or red light; but concurrently. The first actuator is the Piezoelectric Buzzer, which is responsible for producing beep sounds. The Piezoelectric buzzer operates by generating audible sounds when an amount of voltage runs through it to a special substance called a piezo crystal, causing it to change shape and push against a tiny speaker cone. The second actuator is the Light Emitting Diode (LED), which is responsible for producing red light. It operates based on the principle of electroluminescence. The diode (a semiconducting material in the LED) produces photons when electric current passes through it.
	The embedded alarm system works as a reactive system and it is constructed using special hardware components form an Arduino Tool Kit. It functions by regulating physical variables or manipulating the state of the firmware components. Control signals are directed to the Piezoelectric buzzer or the Light Emitting Diode (LED), which are the Actuators connected to output ports of the alarm system. This is in response to the input signals provided by the Passive Infrared (PIR) sensor or/and the Light Dependant Resistor (LDR), which are the Sensors connected to the input ports of the alarm system. This embedded alarm system does not require manual intervention for its operation. The Sensors which are connected to the input ports of the embedded alarm system automatically detects variations in their respective input parameters with reference to changes occurring in the real world. These input signals are transmitted to the preinstalled core of the system for signal processing. The system core implements signal processing by performing a predefined set of operations which has already been configured with an Arduino IDE. After signal processing, output signals are conveyed to to the output ports of the embedded alarm system. The Actuators which are connected to the output ports of the embedded alarm system receive actuating signals (control signals or variables) and convert these control signals into mechanical specifications to meet their designated requirements. In this case, the Piezoelectric buzzer produces beep tones while the Light Emitting Diode emits red light.

